guest do well or back up creatively
been doing it for a long time
This exciting ereaders are underway
actually synonymous ripped boring
therefore, we have not broken wire
very often about only one thing
we have an exception that there we stand this
kobo glo
hd this is already an ereader that you on this
moment and why this
are three reasons
and if you think in you here so I have
nothing with it then look at this
picture or
to me that is also possible
point 1 that is the screen to the name
glow had a little blow then
it is an hd screen
but well then you will wonder that
ever been a grayscale like this then
I have the ready would you well that falls
in any case, because the letters look
her hair hair if you say 3 times then
is it more feminine razor
from
especially if you compare it with the
ordinary glow the predecessor of it
device then it is a world of
difference
and definitely worth it according to derksen
the handle is now as brown as
a nigger
that can not be otherwise because when one
not being played is the majority
of the time on his balcony or on it
too caught terrace
reason number 2 the built-in lighting
and the software that are actually two
rain once but it doesn't matter
you didn't take the first one with you
lighting that works great with many
ereaders well known
handy in the dark if you are still
just in bed what wants to read the software
also very cool if I especially like it
the pocket support
I read internet story and save it
read four more reader, I explain that well
I enjoy
market until we are really new to him and
point number three is the price of this
you the he costs 130 euros then
do you think that's pretty good
a lot of money but that is not too bad
for an e-reader with such a beautiful HD screen
but the kindle voyage for comparison
actually compete in
for example america is a euro or
50 more expensive, so far that is true
for your money
you know what was crazy it looked black
the people in the graveyard I thought
initially that it is the weather
lay no whiteness
to be the open day to start the rain
in this thing can not stand water
unlike the h2o so I sprint
quickly inside has a flaw
no entry for a sd card well if
that the only flaw is must all
participate
I think it's great I'll make it
hey